what is going on you guys make it way
back and today I have some gameplay for
you guys of the new 99 overall combine
monster Chris Johnson let's get a quick
look at his stats before we jump into
the gameplay he has 102 speed 98 agility
90 awareness 101 acceleration 97
carrying 94 ball carrier vision 100
elusiveness and he also has 86 trucking
let's get a quick look at the back of
the car to see if there's anything we
missed 83 catching that's definitely
nice to have for a running back in do
you have them come out of the backfield
on a route 94 jumping 95 kick return he
also has 94 spin move 99 Juke move oh my
goodness he's gonna be so dynamic in the
open field with those attributes but he
also has 90 stamina that's a little bit
low for a running back but we can't work
with that he also has 77 release but
thanks once again for the cranes mount
letting me borrow this card make sure to
check out his channel he also posed
madden 15 ultimate team content the link
will be in the description down below to
his channel let him know I sent you over
there I would really appreciate if you
guys would go look at his channel
so here we go jumping into the gameplay
we're gonna start it off by handing it
off to the new Chris Johnson he's
breaking a tackle to start it off he's
down the sidelines and he's gonna get
pushed out of bounds at the 30 yard line
and you're gonna notice right off the
bat is that he breaks a ton of tackles I
haven't had a Chris Johnson car that has
done that yet but this car definitely
does that as we're gonna hit Percy
Harvin on the out route he's gonna get
out of bounds at the 19 yard line we're
moving down the field with ease right
now Chris Johnson going to the outside
juking to the inside getting to the 13
yard line third down in forward going
through the air once again we try to hit
Percy Harvin but it bounces right off
his hands so we're gonna go back to the
same exact route see if he's open he is
covered so we have be open over the
middle he's gonna get us the big first
down on fourth down and we're gonna top
off this drive by handing it to Chris
Johnson he's gonna break a tackle get to
the one yard line so that's gonna set us
up with a third in goal and we're gonna
go on ahead and hit Percy Harvin with
the past get into the end zone so we
find ourselves up 720 in this game but
I'm just gonna let you guys know I'm not
going to show many plays from my
opponent on offense because he was
really really struggling and he really
wasn't able to move the ball and I want
to give you as much gameplay with Chris
Johnson as possible so you're not gonna
see very many plays from him his end as
we were able to get to stop on the
screen pass but we're handing it off to
Chris Johnson he goes back to work
breaking another tackle definitely did a
lot of that like i said earlier but
we're dropping back for the past we're
gonna hit combine warrior Vernon Davis
with the past definitely loving PAC card
as well loving all these combine cards
they're all good but look at Chris
Johnson in the open field getting all
the way to the 4 yard line we have a
second down and goal we're dropping back
with the past and we're gonna hit
burning Davis for the touchdown we now
find ourselves up 14 to 0 in this game
with two minutes to go before half-time
he's hitting his tight end with the past
and this guy was absolutely huge his
name was toilolo he was about six foot
eight I might have to pick one up
because you can see just throws passes
way in front of him he just snags them
out of the air and I'm definitely gonna
have to try and get one so don't hamri
in the comments section if I did get
that guy's name wrong because I probably
did but he is moving down the field now
he has a first down in 10 he's dropping
back looking trying to find some
decides to lob it up and Desmond Trufant
is getting another interception this
card is a beast as well all these
combine warrior cards have been putting
in work for me definitely loving all of
them can't wait to get the rest of them
on my team they said they're supposed to
be eight more of them including the Greg
Robinson so I'm excited to see what
they're gonna be hopefully there's an
andrew luck in the future so we can pick
up that card you see I try to throw it
up deep right before halftime he's gonna
pick this one off so he is about 20
seconds left to drive down this field
and I knew this formation right off the
bat I run it all the time right before I
half he tried to throw it up to a six
foot eight tight end Patrick Peterson's
gonna get the interception he's joking
to the outside and we have about eight
seconds left before halftime to run one
more play ourselves and you guys already
know I'm here to get off to Chris
Johnson he's breaking a tackle down the
sidelines one man to beat and he's into
the endzone to make it twenty 120 before
half after the huge run by Chris Johnson
we are in the second half now my
opponent is starting out with the ball
and he's gonna end up throwing it up on
fourth down and 16 he's not gonna get
the completion so we get the ball back
we have Chris Johnson diving for the
goal line he's gonna come up an inch
short so we're gonna try and give it
back to him one more time on first down
and goal and he's gonna punch this one
in for his second touchdown of the day
he's closing in to 200 yards rushing so
we go back Chris Johnson putting on the
spin move and he's getting pushed out of
bounds at the 21-yard line another first
down in ten giving it to the Beast once
again hitting the outside into the
endzone for his third touchdown of the
game have a day Chris charts and have a
freakin day
fourth down and 14 for my opponent like
I said I'm gonna be jumping a lot in
this gameplay because my opponent wasn't
really getting anything done on offense
you see Patrick Peterson is gonna get
the interception on this place so we're
back on offense handing it off to Chris
Johnson trying to get him going once
again breaking more tackles I told you
this guy is a monster he's down the
sidelines he's trying to get caught and
he is going to get caught from behind
because like I told you the stamina is
not very high at 90 / also he does get
tired pretty quick but you do see we're
gonna hand it off to De'Anthony Thomas
he's gonna take this one into the enzyme
we take the 42 2-0 lead De'Anthony
Thomas going back to work he's down the
sidelines all the way to the 46 yard
line so we're already under the
two-minute warning in the fourth quarter
trying to get some more clips with Chris
Johnson breaking another tackle getting
tackled down right before the first down
marker but then Theo reddit comes in
he's gonna reverse field with the Juke
move on the run command he's gonna find
himself all the way down to the 16 yard
line another first down in ten giving it
back to him he's down the sidelines
De'Anthony Thomas getting down to about
the 3-yard line I jude's back as I
wanted to try and get one more touchdown
with Chris Johnson but theoretic has
other ideas because he's walking into
the endzone he's getting his first
touchdown of the day and we are gonna
end up walking away with the victory in
this game Chris Johnson ended up with 24
attempts 240 yards and he also had three
touchdowns but all my other running
backs did a great job as well but like I
said guys I can't wait to pick up this
card when the prices do drop of the
collectibles for the great Robinson
collection but like I said guys make
sure to go check out the cranes mouth
channel his link will be in the
description down below I appreciate him
letting me borrow this car once again
but that's gonna be it for this video
guys if you would like to see some more
gameplay with the 99 overall calm by
monster Chris Johnson make sure to smash
that like button if you are new to my
channel make sure to subscribe for more
madden 15 Ultimate Team content they'll
follow me on twitter at make it wayne
and until next time guys have a good one